Now these coordinates we now have in his object can be used just as we use them when we pick them on
the map.
Remember that there.
I do nothing else.
I just create that picked location here its pick location object.
But there I also start with just latitude and longitude and then we call get address with our coordinates
and get map image with our coordinates.
So we just want to restructure to code such that we can call get ad resident get map image from both
the scenario here where we fetched the coordinates automatically.
And down here where we actually picked a location on the map.
This is relatively straightforward to do of course.
We can't just grab this code here.
What we started with this is loading grab all the code up to year and cut it and put that into a separate
method essentially which we could name create place or whatever you want to name it pasted code in there
and now it is all the code we need to basically create our place.
The one thing that is missing of course is we want to create our picked location object down there and
create place now and not up there when we opened that map modal so there's code here where we pick the
location.
I will copy that and move it into the create place method here create place.
Now I should get the coordinates.
So here we should get a latitude which is a number and also of course the long etude which is a number
and then instead of modal data data lat and modal data that long we just use the latitude and longitude
arguments we're getting here in all the places where we access modal data dot data
now that's the first step.
We're now initializing the picked location with our pig lad along at you down there and then we're getting
the address and we're getting the static image.
And at the end we're still emitting our pick location.
But of course we also have to call create place in the different places where we get coordinates.
Now we're here when we picked a place on a map.
I also just want to create a coordinates pair off type coordinates.
So an object with a latitude and longitude.
The lads use here of course is my mobile data dot data and there it was left.
And then here of course long etude is modal data dot data dot LNG now with Dad we can call this create
place and pass our coordinates there.
Now we don't expect an object there of course we could check this or we simply pass them like this.
And it's essentially exactly the same method call I want to make up here where I've fetched my location
with the help of the geo location plug in.
So with all of that we hopefully got code that allows us to fetch our location and then still get the
address and dead static Mac preview based on that so let's go back to our application and let's go to
that new offer page and if I click that button.
Now first of all we get that activity here which I can cancel of course but if I don't cancel we can
pick.
Allocation on the map.
This were exact before which looks good.
Now let's try auto location and does this work yeah it actually does work but it takes some time now.
The thing of course is that this was not super clear.
So we probably want to set is loading to true here as well and set it to false whatever we're done.
So over here or after we got an error and now it is should be even better user experience because with
is loading set.
Now if we actually pick a location by auto locating.
Well that was too fast but we would have seen a spinner.
Now let's give this a try.
On the mobile devices as well.
And for Dad again I'll run I on a capacitor run Android and then ionic capacitor run IAW to test it
there.
So here is the app loaded on both devices.
Now let's give this a try on Android and I press select location there.
We get that action sheet.
And if I press auto locate I get to ask whether I want to grant this permission.
Now if I press deny here I actually get my alert could not fetch location and they should have added
a button there.
Let's do that in a second.
Therefore now I have to pick this on a map which of course still works.
Now since I denied this the first time we would have to change does in our settings on this device here
so let's open these quickly to get a second chance basically.
So let's go into the settings here.
They're under wraps and notifications.
Let's go to our app here and under permissions.
Let's make sure we switched this back so that we haven't made a decision yet.
And now if we go back to our application and we tried it again I could ask again and I fell out is now.
It does indeed locate me now side though the location shows here is not really my location.
You get default locations here on the emulators.
Let's try the same one when I guess if I click that I'm ask whoever I want allowed us.
Now here I do allow it.
And therefore indeed we get this location here.
And here we also get a default location provided by Apple on the emulator.
If you're running does on a real device you should be getting your real location.
Perfect.
So we saw this now on different devices and we see that it works and that our error alert all the works.
One thing they're justice I want to add a button of course.
So here where we create that alert let's add a OK button makes the alert a bit nicer than an alert without
buttons I guess.